google_credentials_guide.md, before:

# Google oauth setup guide

## Get Google credentials

1. Go to [this link](https://console.cloud.google.com)

2. Login with a @ku.th account.

3. Select project name.
   ![Google cloud console](./google_oauth_guide_pic/Google%20cloud%20page.png)

4. Create new project
   ![Create new project](./google_oauth_guide_pic/Create%20new%20project.png)

5. Fill project name then click create.
   ![Fill project name](./google_oauth_guide_pic/Input%20project%20name.png)

6. Back to main page and select project name on the top of page.
   ![Select Project name](./google_oauth_guide_pic/Google%20cloud%20page.png)

7. Select project name that you've just created.
   ![Choose new project name](./google_oauth_guide_pic/Select%20project%20name.png)

8. Create oauth consent screen. by select hamburger icon > APIs & Services > oAuth consent screen.
   ![Create consent screen](./google_oauth_guide_pic/Select%20oauth%20consent%20screen.png)

9. Select user type to be internal.
   ![Select user type](./google_oauth_guide_pic/Select%20internal.png)

10. Fill App name, User support email, Developer Contact information then click save and continue
    ![Fill app info](./google_oauth_guide_pic/Fill%20app%20information.png)

11. Select scope. Check email and profile checkbox then click update then scroll down to click save and continue.
    ![Select scope](./google_oauth_guide_pic/Select%20scope.png)

12. After see a summary page, click credentials tab on a side bar. Then click create credentials.
    ![Create cred](./google_oauth_guide_pic/create%20credential.png)

13. Select **Web Appplication** as a application type
    ![App type](./google_oauth_guide_pic/Select%20app%20typw.png)

14. Scroll down and add 2 URI.

    Add 2 Authorized JavaScript origins 

    First: `http://localhost:8080`

    Second: `http://127.0.0.1:8080`

    (optional) add 2 more Authorized redirect URIs if you want to login from backend

    First: `http://127.0.0.1:8000`

    Second: `http://127.0.0.1:8000/accounts/google/login/callback/`

    ![add uri](./google_oauth_guide_pic/Add_uri.png)

15. oauth credentials already created. Save client ID and Client secret somewhere.

    ![Complete](./google_oauth_guide_pic/oauth%20created.png)

## Set up social application on Django admin.

1. Create super user.
   `python manage.py create superuser`

2. Run server.
   `python manage.py runserver`

3. Go to admin page by go to `http://127.0.0.1:8000/admin/`

4. Add new site. by fill

    Domain name: `http://127.0.0.1:8000`

    Display name: `http://127.0.0.1:8000`

    Then click save.

    ![add site](./google_oauth_guide_pic/Add%20site.png)

5. Add social application, by select Google as a Provider, leave Provider ID blank, fill name. Get client ID and Secret key from google credentials that we've just created

    ![add sociall app](./google_oauth_guide_pic/Add%20social%20app.png)

6. scroll down then add site to social app, then click save.

    ![Add site to social app](./google_oauth_guide_pic/Add%20site%20to%20social%20app.png)

7. Get site_id from database

    - Access mysql shell

        - MacOS

            run ```mysql -u root -p```

            Then enter you root password.

        - Window 

            Run MySQL Command Line Client application

    - Use database that you use for running the app
    
        ``` sql
        USE myDB; -- If your database name is myDB
        ```
        ``` sql
        SELECT * FROM django_site;
        ```

    - It's will show table with couple record. Look for 127.0.0.1:8000.

        For an example

        ```
        mysql> SELECT * FROM django_site;
        +----+-----------------------+-----------------------+
        | id | domain                | name                  |
        +----+-----------------------+-----------------------+
        |  3 | example.com           | example.com           |
        |  4 | http://127.0.0.1:8000 | http://127.0.0.1:8000 |
        +----+-----------------------+-----------------------+
        2 rows in set (0.00 sec)
        ```

        In this case SITE_ID is 4


8. In your .env file, there is a row `SITE_ID`. Edit it to match with your SITE_ID.

    ```
    SITE_ID = 4 // According to previous step SITE_ID is 4
    ```

Commit message:

Update document accord to new directory structure

google_credentials_guide.md, after:

# Google oauth setup guide

## Get Google credentials

1. Go to [this link](https://console.cloud.google.com)

2. Login with a @ku.th account.

3. Select project name.
   ![Google cloud console](./google_oauth_guide_pic/Google%20cloud%20page.png)

4. Create new project
   ![Create new project](./google_oauth_guide_pic/Create%20new%20project.png)

5. Fill project name then click create.
   ![Fill project name](./google_oauth_guide_pic/Input%20project%20name.png)

6. Back to main page and select project name on the top of page.
   ![Select Project name](./google_oauth_guide_pic/Google%20cloud%20page.png)

7. Select project name that you've just created.
   ![Choose new project name](./google_oauth_guide_pic/Select%20project%20name.png)

8. Create oauth consent screen. by select hamburger icon > APIs & Services > oAuth consent screen.
   ![Create consent screen](./google_oauth_guide_pic/Select%20oauth%20consent%20screen.png)

9. Select user type to be internal.
   ![Select user type](./google_oauth_guide_pic/Select%20internal.png)

10. Fill App name, User support email, Developer Contact information then click save and continue
    ![Fill app info](./google_oauth_guide_pic/Fill%20app%20information.png)

11. Select scope. Check email and profile checkbox then click update then scroll down to click save and continue.
    ![Select scope](./google_oauth_guide_pic/Select%20scope.png)

12. After see a summary page, click credentials tab on a side bar. Then click create credentials.
    ![Create cred](./google_oauth_guide_pic/create%20credential.png)

13. Select **Web Appplication** as a application type
    ![App type](./google_oauth_guide_pic/Select%20app%20typw.png)

14. Scroll down and add 2 URI.

    Add 2 Authorized JavaScript origins 

    First: `http://localhost:8080`

    Second: `http://127.0.0.1:8080`

    (optional) add 2 more Authorized redirect URIs if you want to login from backend

    First: `http://127.0.0.1:8000`

    Second: `http://127.0.0.1:8000/accounts/google/login/callback/`

    ![add uri](./google_oauth_guide_pic/Add_uri.png)

15. oauth credentials already created. Save client ID and Client secret somewhere.

    ![Complete](./google_oauth_guide_pic/oauth%20created.png)

## Set up social application on Django admin.

1. Change into backend directory.   
   `cd backend`

2. Create super user.
   `python manage.py create superuser`

3. Run server.
   `python manage.py runserver`

4. Go to admin page by go to `http://127.0.0.1:8000/admin/`

5. Add new site. by fill

    Domain name: `http://127.0.0.1:8000`

    Display name: `http://127.0.0.1:8000`

    Then click save.

    ![add site](./google_oauth_guide_pic/Add%20site.png)

6. Add social application, by select Google as a Provider, leave Provider ID blank, fill name. Get client ID and Secret key from google credentials that we've just created

    ![add sociall app](./google_oauth_guide_pic/Add%20social%20app.png)

7. scroll down then add site to social app, then click save.

    ![Add site to social app](./google_oauth_guide_pic/Add%20site%20to%20social%20app.png)

8. Get site_id from database

    - Access mysql shell

        - MacOS

            run ```mysql -u root -p```

            Then enter you root password.

        - Window 

            Run MySQL Command Line Client application

    - Use database that you use for running the app
    
        ``` sql
        USE myDB; -- If your database name is myDB
        ```
        ``` sql
        SELECT * FROM django_site;
        ```

    - It's will show table with couple record. Look for 127.0.0.1:8000.

        For an example

        ```
        mysql> SELECT * FROM django_site;
        +----+-----------------------+-----------------------+
        | id | domain                | name                  |
        +----+-----------------------+-----------------------+
        |  3 | example.com           | example.com           |
        |  4 | http://127.0.0.1:8000 | http://127.0.0.1:8000 |
        +----+-----------------------+-----------------------+
        2 rows in set (0.00 sec)
        ```

        In this case SITE_ID is 4


9. In your backend.env file, there is a row `SITE_ID`. Edit it to match with your SITE_ID.

    ```
    SITE_ID = 4 // According to previous step SITE_ID is 4
    ```
